continuing the demo taki o japa
came the filet to have attracted with most of the
our fish is she has some
to have it right here in the
medium
she has another second row from here
to some places seeing this're betrayed
with a boned trait that many
sometimes it is not
Okay, I'll show you here.
as you only increase with that ones
little bones those who choke
of people and you are going to make small
polite
're not no need to be very afraid to
distance between 5 millimeters
half centimeter
ok you'll hear of the bones being
cut is so can use too much force
also for you not to cross too much
leather down here
ok then this decarta system that we
we call here in the wetland region or
shapers are paulo interiors have two
advantages one is obviously that when
you face this fish and if you do not
You will feel more, these bones are going
also facilitate the entry of the seasoning
beef
Okay, you can hear that the bones are
being cut
repeat on the other side too
it's like seasoning to taste to use lemon use
lemon pepper and salt will goes from the
I like everyone
It is seasoned in wheat flour
is ready